[DOC-770] Update xCluster documentation for architecture limitations section (#27782)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_alter_table.md

- A `USING` clause must be included when there is no implicit assignment cast available from the old type to the new type.
- Alter type is not supported for partitioned tables. See [#16980](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/16980).
- Alter type is not supported for tables with rules (limitation inherited from PostgreSQL).

> - Alter type is not supported for tables with CDC streams if a table rewrite is required. See [#27766](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/27766).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alter type is not supported for tables with CDC streams if a table rewrite is required. See {{<issue 27766>}}.
```

Author: done as well as a few other cases
